created_miro_apps_docs (#2024)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/saas-cloud/miro.md

---
id: miro
title: Sumo Logic App for Miro
sidebar_label: Miro
description: The Sumo Logic App for Miro offers functionality for monitoring and investigating potential security threats.
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/Miro-logo.png')} alt="icon" width="40" />

> The Sumo Logic App for Miro provides visibility into Miro audit logs to ensure the security and compliance of your Miro environment. The app leverages the Miro cloud-to-cloud source to collect audit log data and provides pre-built dashboards and visualizations to enable security teams to easily monitor and investigate potential security threats.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Sumo Logic App for Miro provides visibility into Miro audit logs to ensure the security and compliance of your Miro environment. The app leverages the [Miro cloud-to-cloud source](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/miro-source) to collect audit log data and provides pre-built dashboards and visualizations to enable security teams to easily monitor and investigate potential security threats.
```

> The App provides a comprehensive overview of key security events and user activity. It includes widgets that track key metrics such as total events, board events, team events, sign-in security events, and more. Additionally, it offers insights into the distribution of sign-in security events and sign-ins over time by authentication methods. The dashboard also highlights sign-ins from risky geo-locations, enabling users to quickly identify potential security threats and take appropriate actions to mitigate them. These widgets help users monitor their accounts' performance, identify improvement areas, and ensure their data's security. With these widgets, Miro users can easily monitor and manage their security posture, ensuring their data and systems remain secure and protected.

Reviewer: Our style is to address the user directly (say "you", not "the user").

```suggestion
The App provides a comprehensive overview of key security events and user activity. It includes widgets that track key metrics such as total events, board events, team events, sign-in security events, and more. Additionally, it offers insights into the distribution of sign-in security events and sign-ins over time by authentication methods. The dashboard also highlights sign-ins from risky geo-locations, enabling users to quickly identify potential security threats and take appropriate actions to mitigate them. These widgets help you to monitor your account performance, identify improvement areas, and ensure the security of your data. With these widgets, you can easily monitor and manage your security posture, ensuring their data and systems remain secure and protected.
```

      "event": "board_opened",
      "details": {
        "role": "OWNER"
      },
      "createdAt": "2018-10-19T23:59:45Z",
      "createdBy": {
        "type": "user",
        "name": "Test",
        "id": "3074457346235995512",
      },
      "object": {
        "id": "3074457346235995523",
        "name": "BoardName"
      },
      "context": {
        "organization": {
                      "type": "organization",
          "name": "CompanyName",
          "id": "3074457345821140123"
        },
        "team": {
          "type": "team",
          "name": "TeamName",
          "id": "3074457345710755694"
        },
        "ip": "10.10.10.10"
      },
      "id": "450256789"
}
```
## Sample Query

```sql title="Total Phishing Security Tests"
_sourceCategory=miro
| json "id", "type", "context.team.name", "context.organization.name", "context.ip", "createdAt", "event", "createdBy.name", "createdBy.email" as id, type, team_name, organization_name, ip, createdAt, event, user_name, user_email nodrop
| where organization_name matches "{{organization}}"
| where team_name matches "{{team}}"
| where event matches "{{event}}"
| count_distinct (id)
```

## Set up collection

> Follow the instructions for setting up [Cloud-to-Cloud Integration for Miro](https://help.sumologic.com/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/miro-source/) App to create the source and use the same source category while installing the app.

Reviewer: Always use relative links in docs

```suggestion
Follow the instructions for setting up [Cloud-to-Cloud Integration for Miro](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/miro-source/) App to create the source and use the same source category while installing the app.
```

## Installing the Miro App

This section has instructions for installing the the Miro App for Sumo Logic and descriptions of each of the dashboards.

Locate and install the app you need from the **App Catalog**. If you want to see a preview of the dashboards included with the app before installing, click **Preview Dashboards**.

1. From the **App Catalog**, search for and select the app.
1. Click **Add Integration**.
1. Configure **Miro App** using the steps described in the [Miro Cloud-to-Cloud Source](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/miro-source/). If you already have set up your data, skip this step and click **Next**.
1. Complete the following fields.
   1. **Data Source**. Select either of these options for the data source:
      * Choose **Source Category** and then choose a source category from the list.
      * Select **Enter a Custom Data Filter** and enter a custom source category that starts with an underscore. For example, `_sourceCategory=MyCategory`.

>     2. **Folder Name**. You can retain the existing name, or enter a name of your choice for the app.�

Reviewer: Looks like there's an extra character at the end of this sentence?

Panels will start to fill automatically. It's important to note that each panel slowly fills with data that matches the time range query and has been received since the panel was created. Results will not be available right away, but with a bit of time, you'll see full graphs and maps.

## Viewing Miro Dashboards​

### Miro - Overview

The **Miro - Overview** provides a comprehensive overview of events related to Miro. The dashboard features various widgets, including Total Events, Total Board Events, Distribution of App Events, Events By Team, Boards Created and Opened over Time, Events Over Time, Geo-Location of Events, Recent File Event Summary, and Recent Event Summary.

The widgets allow users to track and analyze event-related information, including the total number of events, their distribution, team-wise breakdown, creation and opening of boards over time, and their geographical locations. The Recent File Event Summary and Recent Event Summary widgets provide a summary of the latest events for quick reference. A dashboard is a useful tool for monitoring and improving event management by providing quick access to relevant information.

> <img src='https://sumologic-app-data-v2.s3.amazonaws.com/dashboards/Miro/Miro-Overview.png' alt="Miro-Overview.png" />

Reviewer: @JV0812  please add this Dashboard image to AWS S3 as we discussed in Asana. Otherwise it won't show here or in the UI.

Author: App is still under QA, once it ready I will add the image to S3 bucket.

### Miro - Security Activity

The **Miro - Security Activity** provides a comprehensive overview of user security events related to Miro. The dashboard features various widgets, including Total SignIn Security Events, Total Account(s) Created, Total Account(s) Deleted, Total User(s) Deactivated, Total User(s) Reactivated, Distribution of SignIn Security Events, Sign-In over time by Authentication Methods, and SignIn from Risky Geo-Locations.

The widgets allow users to track and analyze user security events, including the total number of sign-in security events, account creation, deletion, deactivation, and reactivation. The Distribution of SignIn Security Events widget provides an overview of sign-in patterns across different events, while the SignIn over time by Authentication Methods widget offers a breakdown of sign-ins by the authentication method. The SignIn from Risky Geo-Locations widget helps identify geographic locations that pose a higher risk to user security. A dashboard is a useful tool for monitoring and improving user security by providing quick access to relevant information.

> <img src='https://sumologic-app-data-v2.s3.amazonaws.com/dashboards/Miro/Miro-Security-Activity.png' alt="Miro-Security-Activity.png" />

Reviewer: @JV0812 please add this Dashboard image to AWS S3 as we discussed in Asana. Otherwise it won't show here or in the UI.

Author: App is still under QA, once it ready i will add the image to S3 bucket.

-->

### Miro - Security Activity

The **Miro - Security Activity** provides a comprehensive overview of your security events related to Miro. The dashboard features various widgets, including Total SignIn Security Events, Total Account(s) Created, Total Account(s) Deleted, Total User(s) Deactivated, Total User(s) Reactivated, Distribution of SignIn Security Events, Sign-In over time by Authentication Methods, and SignIn from Risky Geo-Locations.

The widgets allow you to track and analyze your security events, including the total number of sign-in security events, account creation, deletion, deactivation, and reactivation. The Distribution of SignIn Security Events widget provides an overview of sign-in patterns across different events, while the SignIn over time by Authentication Methods widget offers a breakdown of sign-ins by the authentication method. The SignIn from Risky Geo-Locations widget helps you to identify geographic locations that pose a higher risk to your security. A dashboard is a useful tool for monitoring and improving your security by providing quick access to relevant information.

> <img src='https://sumologic-app-data-v2.s3.amazonaws.com/dashboards/Miro/Miro-Security-Activity.png' alt="Miro-Security-Activity.png" />

Author: ```suggestion
<!--
<img src='https://sumologic-app-data-v2.s3.amazonaws.com/dashboards/Miro/Miro-Security-Activity.png' alt="Miro-Security-Activity.png" />
-->
```

1. Complete the following fields.
   1. **Data Source**. Select either of these options for the data source:
      * Choose **Source Category** and then choose a source category from the list.
      * Select **Enter a Custom Data Filter** and enter a custom source category that starts with an underscore. For example, `_sourceCategory=MyCategory`.
    2. **Folder Name**. You can retain the existing name, or enter a name of your choice for the app.
    3. Select the **Location in Library** (the default is the **Personal** folder in the library), or click **New Folder** to add a new folder.
1. Click **Next**.

Once an app is installed, it will appear in your **Personal** folder, or other folder that you specified. From here, you can share it with your organization.

Panels will start to fill automatically. It's important to note that each panel slowly fills with data that matches the time range query and has been received since the panel was created. Results will not be available right away, but with a bit of time, you'll see full graphs and maps.

## Viewing Miro Dashboards​

### Miro - Overview

> The **Miro - Overview** provides a comprehensive overview of events related to Miro. The dashboard features various widgets, including Total Events, Total Board Events, Distribution of App Events, Events By Team, Boards Created and Opened over Time, Events Over Time, Geo-Location of Events, Recent File Event Summary, and Recent Event Summary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Miro - Overview** dashboard provides a comprehensive overview of events related to Miro. The dashboard features various widgets, including Total Events, Total Board Events, Distribution of App Events, Events By Team, Boards Created and Opened over Time, Events Over Time, Geo-Location of Events, Recent File Event Summary, and Recent Event Summary.
```

The widgets allow you to track and analyze event-related information, including the total number of events, their distribution, team-wise breakdown, creation and opening of boards over time, and their geographical locations. The Recent File Event Summary and Recent Event Summary widgets provide a summary of the latest events for quick reference. A dashboard is a useful tool for monitoring and improving event management by providing quick access to relevant information.

<!--
<img src='https://sumologic-app-data-v2.s3.amazonaws.com/dashboards/Miro/Miro-Overview.png' alt="Miro-Overview.png" />
-->

### Miro - Security Activity

> The **Miro - Security Activity** provides a comprehensive overview of your security events related to Miro. The dashboard features various widgets, including Total SignIn Security Events, Total Account(s) Created, Total Account(s) Deleted, Total User(s) Deactivated, Total User(s) Reactivated, Distribution of SignIn Security Events, Sign-In over time by Authentication Methods, and SignIn from Risky Geo-Locations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Miro - Security Activity** dashboard provides a comprehensive overview of your security events related to Miro. The dashboard features various widgets, including Total SignIn Security Events, Total Account(s) Created, Total Account(s) Deleted, Total User(s) Deactivated, Total User(s) Reactivated, Distribution of SignIn Security Events, Sign-In over time by Authentication Methods, and SignIn from Risky Geo-Locations.
```
